Update Securing user access with two-factor authentication (2FA).md (#9085)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/support/Account Management & Billing/Account Privacy and Security/Securing user access with two-factor authentication (2FA).md

We recommend that all Cloudflare user account holders enable 2FA to keep their accounts secure. 

> 2FA can only be enabled successfully on an account with a verified email address. Please ensure to keep the associated email address verified at all times when enforcing 2FA. As it is a prerequisite in 2FA enablement process, **a failure to do so may result in a loss of account access**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2FA can only be enabled successfully on an account with a [verified email address](/fundamentals/account-and-billing/account-setup/verify-email-address/). If you do not verify your email address first, you may lock yourself out of your account.
```
